gh-74929: Implement PEP 667 (#115153)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core and Builtins/2024-04-27-21-44-40.gh-issue-74929.C2nESp.rst

> Implement PEP 667 - converted ``frame.f_locals`` to a real-time proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement PEP 667 - converted ``frame.f_locals`` to a write through proxy
```
"Real time" makes me think that there is some bounded delay in updating
